#labels Phase-Implementation,Phase-Deploy
# fbx2xfile already available now.

= Introduction =

The source code of version 1.0 has already been available now.

= Details =

The functions of version 1.0  includes:

  * support converting of 3d model.
  * support converting of 3d skeletal animtion.
  * support converting of 3d textures.
  * support scaling of 3d models.
  * support changing of up direction of axis.


1.  Usage:  Fbx2X.exe  <options> <input filename>

   <input filename>    Input fbx filename. 
             (Default: output seperated and compressed model and animation.)
   -sx                 Seperate animation from the mesh before exporting
   -d                  Delete meshes without skin info before exporting
   -o <file>           Optional output model filename
   -a <file>           Optional output animation filename
   -m <file>           Optional output material filename
   -y                  Force the Y axis to up direction.( Default: Z is up!)
   -l                  Force to left-hand coordinate( Default: right-hand coord!)
   -s <scale>          The equivalent number of centimeters.( Default: scale is 1m!)
   -w                  Force swap the winding order
   -nop                Not optimize the mesh before exporting
   -nt                 Not copy textures to destination
   -xc                 Convert to .x compressed binary file( Default)
   -x                  Convert to .x binary file
   -xt                 Convert to .x text file
   -?                  To see this help information.

e.g. 
  Fbx2X box.fbx

Note: the above command running on cmd of windows will output a box.x file, which can be viewed in DirectX Viewer.

 Fbx2X box.fbx  boxx.x

Note: force the output filename to be boxx.x.

2. Compilation steps,

1) Install directX SDK(version 2007 or 2008) 
2) Install fbx SDK(version 2009.1 or 2009.3) 
3) Set c++ directory: include and lib for above two sdk 
4) Use VS2005 to compile the solution.


3. Appendice: compile FbxParser

DYNAMIC LINK LIBRARY : FbxParser Project Overview

Note: This project requires FBX sdk libs to be compiled successfully. 
In order to compile this project to get a FbxParser.dll, you have to follow these steps.

1. Install FBX sdk(version 2009.1)
http://usa.autodesk.com/adsk/servlet/mform?siteID=123112&id=10775847



2. By default, FBXSDK is installed to C:\Program Files\Autodesk\FBX\FbxSdk\2009.1, so you can skip this step if you installs to the default folder.
	
	But if your FBXSDK is installed to other directory, please edit Fbx3D.vcProj to change the folder as your installed. 
  You can replace the  “C:\Program Files\Autodesk\FBX\FbxSdk\2009.1” with your FBXSDK install path, for example: "D:\XYZ-ABC\Autodesk\FBX\FbxSdk\2009.1".		 

  Note：you can also change in VS2005, by change the "AdditionalLibraryDirectories" and "AdditionalIncludeDirectories".

4. Rebuild FbxParser project completely.

Now, you should have got a FbxParser.dll in the output directory.

Longjiang li
Email:Longjiang.lee@gmail.com